Add aggregator information to docs/index.md file (#22)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-heroku: docs/index.md

- `email` - Email address of the Heroku user.
- `api_key` - API key (or password) of the Heroku user.

## Multi-Account Connections

You may create multiple heroku connections:

```hcl
connection "heroku_dev" {
  plugin  = "heroku"
  email   = "ryan@dundermifflin.com"

>   api_key = "34c12972-9d18-654c-3ae5-5293ae1889be"

Reviewer: @madhushreeray30 could you please ad different API keys to each connection, so that they appear like different connections?

Author: > @madhushreeray30 could you please ad different API keys to each connection, so that they appear like different connections?

@misraved I have changed partially.

}

connection "heroku_qa" {
  plugin  = "heroku"
  email   = "ryan@dundermifflin.com"
  api_key = "34c12972-9d18-654c-3ae5-5293ae1905be"
}

connection "heroku_prod" {
  plugin  = "heroku"
  email   = "ryan@dundermifflin.com"
  api_key = "34c12972-9d18-654c-3ae5-5293ae1124be"
}
```

Each connection is implemented as a distinct [Postgres schema](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-schemas.html). As such, you can use qualified table names to query a specific connection:

```sql
select * from heroku_qa.heroku_team_member
```

> You can multi-account connections by using an [**aggregator** connection](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/managing-connections#using-aggregators). Aggregators allow you to query data from multiple connections for a plugin as if they are a single connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create multi-account connections by using an [**aggregator** connection](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/managing-connections#using-aggregators). Aggregators allow you to query data from multiple connections for a plugin as if they are a single connection.
```

```hcl
connection "heroku_all" {
  plugin      = "heroku"
  type        = "aggregator"
  connections = ["heroku_dev", "heroku_qa", "heroku_prod"]
}
```

Querying tables from this connection will return results from the `heroku_dev`, `heroku_qa`, and `heroku_prod` connections:

```sql
select * from heroku_all.heroku_team_member
```

> Alternatively, can use an unqualified name and it will be resolved according to the [Search Path](https://steampipe.io/docs/guides/search-path). It's a good idea to name your aggregator first alphbetically, so that it is the first connection in the search path (i.e. `heroku_all` comes before `heroku_dev`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use an unqualified name and it will be resolved according to the [Search Path](https://steampipe.io/docs/guides/search-path). It's a good idea to name your aggregator first alphabetically so that it is the first connection in the search path (i.e. `heroku_all` comes before `heroku_dev`):
```
